# Exam 1 Questions

* Answers should be roughly 2-5 sentences, and in your own words.  
* Some questions ask for a code sample - keep them short and to the point.
* Be sure to be clear - be careful not to use vague pronouns like "it" if I can't be completely sure what "it" is.
* I cannot assume knowledge you don't demonstrate, so be clear and explicit.

## Q: What is the difference between a dynamic asset and a static asset?
A static asset is real resource like a file that exists in the web server's file system. 
However a dynamic asset doesn't exist as a file. It is not generated by the web server until the client request for it.
## Q: What is the difference between a relative and absolute file path in an href?  What is the "webserver root/document root" and how do absolute/relative paths relate to this document root?
An absolute path is taken from some kind of root on a server.
A relative path is based on the current file that quote the path.
The document root is the file root given access to the web server, and also the root of absolute path. Relative path is under the document root but relative to the current file under document root.
## Q: What is the difference between server-side and client-side JS?
Client-side JS runs in the browser on client's machine, is visible to the client. It is able to change the web page and HTML.
Server-side JS runs on the server, has no control on the front-end web page but only for request responding. 
Client-side JS and server-side JS are completely disconnected.
## Q: What are the differences between `var`, `const`, and `let`, and when should you use each of them?
`var` declares within the scope of current function. Can make variable hoist, which is to make a variable can be referenced before it is initialized if that variable is declared before the reference.  
`let` declares within the scope of current block. Does not hoist. 
`const` declares within the scope of current block. Does not hoist. The variable cannot be reassigned. Is used in most of the variable declaration scenarios. 
## Q: What are the 4 ways to create inheritance in JS? (no examples needed, just a sentence describing each)
1. Constructor invocation. Use key word `new` and constructor to assign prototype.
2. Object.create(). Use `Object.create()` to assign prototype.
3. ES6 class. Use class, extends another class.
4. Brute force. Use `Object.setPrototype()` directly to assign prototype.
## Q: Give a short code demonstration of 1 way to create JS inheritance to __inherit__ a method named "purr".
const cat = function(name) {
    this.name = name;
};

cat.prototype.purr = function() {
    console.log(`${this.name} is purring...`);
};

const mimi = new cat('mimi');
mimi.purr();
## Q: Give a short code demonstration of a different way to create JS inheritance to __inherit__ a method named "hiss".
const cat = {
    hiss: function() {
        console.log(`${this.name} is hissing!!!`);
    }
};

const mimi = Object.create(cat);
mimi.hiss();
## Q: Explain what a callback is, and give an example.
A callback is a function passed to another function as an input. The receiving function has control over the callback function, deciding when to call it and what data to pass to it.

const cats = {
    mimi: 10,
    smokey: 13,
};

const checkWeight = function( cat, getTreats ) {
    for( let name of Object.keys(cats) ) {
        if( cats[name] < 20 ) {
            getTreats(name, cats[name]);
        }
    }
};

const getTreats = function( name, weight ) {
    console.log( `Hey ${name}! You are ${weight} pounds, you deserve treats today!` );
};
## Q: What are the words that would correctly fill in the space in this sentence:

"If a function using `this` is `_used as a callback_`, then `this` will not have the intended implicit value"

## Q: In CSS, what does it mean "You shouldn't name your classes after what they look like"?   Why?  Give an example of a class that is well named and a class that is poorly named.
We should always name classes sementicaly. If some headers belongs to a class, a poorly named class would be `boldHeader`. It's a bad name because maybe I'll change their style to not bold but italic, menbers should be able to change their look. A well named class would be `articleHeader`, because it indicates what it is and what it actually means.
